Update New-MsmqMessage.md (#1505)
MicrosoftDocs/windows-powershell-docs: docset/winserver2012r2-ps/msmq/New-MsmqMessage.md

## PARAMETERS

### -AcknowledgeType

> Specifies the type of acknowledgements supported by Messaging Queue.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Specifies the type of acknowledgement messages that can be returned by Messaging Queuing
```
